Improve documentation of query arguments, especially on command line / JSON (#199)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/query.rst

As briefly described in :ref:`project-job-finding`, the :py:meth:`~signac.Project.find_jobs()` method provides much more powerful search functionality beyond simple selection of jobs with specific :term:`state points <state point>`.
One of the key features of **signac** is the possibility to search the :term:`project` workspace to select desired subsets as needed.

It is possible to use search expressions directly on the command line, for example in combination with the ``$ signac find`` command.
In this case, filter arguments are expected to be provided as valid JSON expressions.

> Notably, JSON writes booleans like ``true`` and ``false`` as opposed to Python's ``True`` and ``False``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notably, JSON (Javascript's) Booleans are ``true`` and ``false`` as opposed to Python's ``True`` and ``False``.
```

All selected documents will match these expressions.

The simplest expression is an *exact match*.
For example, in order to select all jobs whose state point key *a* has the value 42, you would use the following expression: ``{"a": 42}`` as follows:

.. code-block:: python

    project.find_jobs({"a": 42})

.. code-block:: bash

    signac find '{"a": 42}'

Select All
----------

If you want to select the complete data set, don't provide any filter argument at all.
The default argument of ``None`` or an empty expression ``{}`` will select all jobs or documents.
As was previously demonstrated, iterating over all jobs in a project can be accomplished directly.

.. code-block:: python

    for job in project:
        pass

On the command line, ``signac find`` without an arguments will return a list of all jobs.

.. code-block:: bash

    signac find

.. _simple-selection:

Simple Selection
----------------

To select documents by one or more specific key-value pairs, provide these directly as filter arguments.
For example, assuming that we have a list of documents with values *N*, *kT*, and *p*, as such:

> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: Should be Python highlighting if anything not bash. The list makes it likely that it should be none.

To match **nested** keys, avoid nesting the filter arguments, but instead use the ``.``-operator.
For example, if the documents shown in the example above were all nested like this:

> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: Same comment here. If you want to use bash syntax you need to add quotations around the JSON objects.

.. code-block:: python

    project.find_jobs({"$or": [{"p": {"$gt": 2}}, {"kT": 1.0}]})

.. code-block:: bash

    signac find '{"$or": [{"p": {"$gt": 2}}, {"kT": 1.0}]}'

Logical expressions may be nested but cannot be the *value* of a key-value expression.

For the ``$not`` operator, we again construct a mapping with the operator as the key, but the value is a single expression rather than a list of expressions.
For example, to find all jobs where a parameter *a* is not close to zero, we could use the following:

.. code-block:: python

    project.find_jobs({"$not": {"a": {"$near": 0}}})

.. _exists-operator:

Exists Operator
---------------

.. warning::

   Boolean expressions are written differently on the command line because the command line takes JSON formatting.

If you want to check for the existence of a specific key but do not care about its actual value, use the ``$exists``-operator.
For example, this expression will return all documents that *have a key p* regardless of its value.
Likewise, using ``False`` as argument would return all documents that have no key with the given name.

.. code-block:: python

    project.find_jobs({"p": {"$exists": True}})

> On the command line, this expression must be written in JSON encapsulated in single quotes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the command line, this expression must be valid JSON encapsulated in single quotes:
```

.. code-block:: python

    project.find_jobs({"protocol": {"$where": 'lambda x: "assembly" in x'}})

.. code-block:: bash

    signac find '{"protocol": {"$where": "lambda x: \"assembly\" in x"}}'

.. _simplified-filter:

Simplified Syntax on the Command Line
=====================================

For simple filters, you can use a simplified syntax instead of writing JSON.
For example, instead of ``signac find '{"p": 2}'``, you can type ``signac find p 2``.

A simplified expression consists of key-value pairs in alternation.
The first argument will then be interpreted as the first key, the second argument as the first value, the third argument as the second key, and so on.
If you provide an odd number of arguments, the last value will default to ``{'$exists': true}``.

Querying via operator is supported using the ``.``-operator.
Finally, you can use ``/<regex>/`` instead of ``{'$regex': '<regex>'}`` for regular expressions.

> The following list shows simplified ``signac find`` expressions on the left, full query syntax in Python in the middle, and full query syntax in JSON on the right.

Reviewer: Should go simplified JSON and Python since the simplified and JSON are both CLI and Python well is part of the Python API.
